Intro to CSS
------------
While HTML is the fundamental structure of every web page, it can be visually unappealing on its own. 
Cascading Style Sheets or CSS is a language, web developers use to style the HTML content on a web page.

CSS Anatomy
----------
...
CSS ruleset 

p {
    color: blue;
}

Ruleset Terms:
Selector, The beginning of the ruleset used to target the element that will be styled.
Declaration Block, The code in-between (and including) the curly braces that contains the CSS declaration(s).
Declaration, The group name for a property and value pair that applies a style to the selected element.
Property, The first part of the declaration that signifies what visual characteristic of the element is to be modified.
Value, The second part of the declaration that signifies the value of the property.

CSS inline style

<p style="color: blue;">Hello World!</p>

Inline Style Terms:

Opening Tag, The start of an HTML element. This is the element that will be styled.
Attribute, The style attribute is used to add CSS inline styles to an HTML element.
Declaration, The group name for a property and value pair that applies a style to the selected element.
Property, 
Value, 

Inline Styles
-------------
Although CSS is a different language than HTML, 
it’s possible to write CSS code directly within HTML code using inline styles.

To style an HTML element, you can add the style attribute directly to the opening tag. 

Make sure to end the styles with a semicolon (;).

Internal Stylesheet
-------------------
HTML allows you to write CSS code in its own dedicated section, with a <style> element nested inside of the <head> element. 
The CSS code inside the <style> element is often referred to as an internal stylesheet.

External Stylesheet
-------------------
Developers avoid mixing code by storing HTML and CSS code in separate files 
(HTML files contain only HTML code, and CSS files contain only CSS code).

Linking the CSS File
--------------------
We successfully separated structure (HTML) from styling (CSS).

You can use the <link> element to link HTML and CSS files together. 
The <link> element must be placed within the head of the HTML file. 
