CSS Displaying and Position
---------------------------

Flow of HTML
------------
A browser will render the elements of an HTML document that has no CSS,
from left to right, top to bottom, in the same order as they exist in the document. 
This is called the flow of elements in HTML. 

CSS includes properties that change how a browser positions elements.
These properties specify where an element is located on a page, 
if the element can share lines with other elements, and other related attributes. 

... 5 properties for adjusting the position of HTML elements in the browser:
position, display, z-index, float, clear

Position
--------
Block-level elements, create a block the full width of their parent elements, 
and they prevent other elements from appearing in the same horizontal space.

Block-level elements also consistently appear on the left side of the browser. 
This is default position for block-level elements.

The position property can take one of 5 values:
static
relative
absolute
fixed
sticky

Position: Relative
------------------
This value allows you to position an element, relative to its default position on the web page. <-------- **

The valid offset properties are:
1- top: moves the element down.
2- bottom: moves the element up.
3- left: moves the element right.
4- right: moves the element left.

... offset properties will not work if the value of the element's position property is the default static.

Position: Absolute
------------------
When an element's position is set to absolute all other elements on the page 
will ignore the element and act like it is not present on the page. 

The element will be positioned relative to its closest positioned parent element.

Position: Fixed
---------------
We can fix an element to a specific position on the page (regardless of user scrolling) 
by setting its position to fixed.

This technique is often used for navigation bars on a web page.

Z-index
-------
When boxes on a web page have a combination of different positions, 
the boxes (and therefore, their content) can overlap with each other, making the content difficult to read or consume.

The z-index property controls how far "back" or how far "forward" an element should appear on the web page 
when elements overlap.
This can be thought of the depth of elements, with deeper elements appearing behind shallower elements.

... the z-index property does not work on static elements.

Inline Display 
--------------
Every HTML element has a default display value that dictates if it can share horizontal space with other elements.

Some elements fill the entire browser from left to right regardless of the size of their content.
Other elements only take up as much horizontal space as their content requires and can be directly next to other elements.

The default display for some tags, such as <em>, <strong>, and <a>, is called inline.

... only taking up the amount of space necessary to display their content and not requiring a new line after each element.
The height and width of these elements cannot be specified in the CSS document.

Inline elements cannot be altered in size with the height or width CSS properties.

Block Display
-------------
These elements fill the entire width of the page by default, but their width property can also be set.

Inline-Block Display
--------------------
Inline-block elements can appear next to each other and we can specify their dimensions 
using the width and height properties.
Images are the best example of default inline-block elements.

Float
-----
If you're simply interested in moving an element as far left or as far right as possible on the page, 
you can use the float property.

...
2- right: this value will move elements as far right as possible.

This works for static and relative positioned elements. 
Floated elements must have a width specified, ...

Clear 
-----
...
The clear property specifies how elements should behave when they bump into each other on the page.

