All elements on a web page are interpreted by the browser as "living" inside of a box. 
This is what is meant by the box model.
For example, when you change the background color of an element, you change the background color of its entire box. 

The Box Model
-------------
The box model comprises the set of properties which define parts of an element that take up space on a web page. 
The model includes the content area's size and the element's padding, border, and margin. 

The properties include: 
1- Width and height — specifies the width and height of the content area.
2- Padding — specifies the amount of space between the content area and the border.
3- Border — specifies the thickness and style of the border surrounding the content area and padding.
4- Margin — specifies the amount of space between the border and the outside edge of the element.

Height and Width
----------------
An element's content has two dimensions: 
a height and a width.

By default, the dimensions of an HTML box are set to hold the raw contents of the box.

Borders 
-------
A border is a line that surrounds an element, like a frame around a painting. 
Borders can be set with a specific width, style, and color.

The default border is medium none color, where color is the current color of the element.

Border Radius
-------------
You can modify the corners of an element's border box with the border-radius property.
You can create a border that is a perfect circle by setting the radius equal to the height of the box, or to 100%.

Padding 1
---------
The space between the contents of a box and the borders of a box is known as padding.

Padding 2
---------
... in a clockwise rotation. 

Margin 
------
Margin refers to the space directly outside of the box. 

Auto
-----
The margin property also lets you center content.
However, you must follow a few syntax requirements. 

The auto value instructs the browser to adjust the left and right margins 
until the element is centered within its containing element.

In order to center an element, a width must be set for that element.

Margin Collapse
---------------
...
Unlike horizontal margins, vertical margins do not add. 
Instead, the larger of the two vertical margins sets the distance between adjacent elements.

Minimum and Maximum Height and Width
------------------------------------
CSS offers two properties that can limit how narrow or how wide an element's box can be sized to.

Overflow
--------
How can we ensure that we can view all of an element that is larger than its parent's containing area? 
The overflow property controls what happens to content that spills, or overflows, outside its box.

hidden, scroll, visible (this is the default value) 

The overflow property is set on a parent element to instruct a web browser how to render child elements.

Resetting Defaults
------------------
All major web browsers have a default stylesheet they use in the absence of an external stylesheet.
These default stylesheets are known as user agent stylesheets.
In this case, the term "user agent" is a technical term for the browser.

User agent stylesheets often have default CSS rules that set default values for padding and margin.
This affects how the browser displays HTML elements, 
which can make it difficult for a developer to design or style a web page.

Many developers choose to reset these default values so that they can truly work with a clean slate.

* {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
}

... resets the default margin and padding values of all HTML elements.
It is often the first CSS rule in an external stylesheet.

Visibility
----------
An element with display: none will be completely removed from the web page. 
An element with visibility: hidden, however, will not be visible on the web page, but the space reserved for it will. 
